what up y'all as I can tell by the title
yes I have been I people again once
again online gameplay and man fills me
once again i'm really tired his man i
came out i didn't i recorded the
beginning okay this is what happened
okay already done what this dude and um
his name kind of sounded familiar and
last year that's an IP boot I wasn't
really too short cuz I wasn't gonna
record a game at all just trying to have
a phone online game no just this is a
ranked game but I was just trying to
just have to get a game man no recording
just not like that just have a game but
his name struck me and I kind of think i
remember a little bit for our people
last year so i was like i'm going to
record this game just in case and i'm
glad i did as you guys can see it comes
out you know yes he has no attention i
really know even better trying to win
this game at all I mean he's coming out
he's just on flat rouse you know he says
he's just really trying to establish
some yards and maybe even try to I don't
know if he's trying to score for sure
but you know he's trying to if he is
transfer he's trying to score no so
that's when with that bad when he does I
people so we just coming out just on
flat routes come back routes and flat
roads simple stuff so I'm just running
the basic cover 3 on cuz i know i was
gonna stop whatever he's doing that's
why I'm showing you guys is just I'm
just doing basic stuff you know I his
name struck me and i was like he looked
councilman from last year cuz thing I
remember her I people who did this last
year I wasn't too sure on so I didn't
wonder you know just bet on him but I
was just kind of I was like a person
shooters do was I people
so you know I i start recorded just in
case something happened so you guys see
the game right now is lag free you know
connection is great nothing's going
wrong he's on offering someone defense i
got the Chiefs he's got the dolphins and
um no everything's going good 36 I
stopped him so four to six he just he
decides to punt the ball very shocking
but anybody in madden online ring on
fourth and six at the 50-yard line I
don't even gonna punt that ball think
they gonna go for it man track at this
having field goal range so he punched me
the ball which I thought was kind of
strange but I was like I would have you
know uh I get the ball get a chance to
score so you know come on offense hit
him with a nice little run to the left
Jamaal Charles next play try hit him
with the FL screen and yep here come the
leg he doesn't he doesn't boot me just
yet I think this is a process of booty
i'm not i'm not too sure how I p booting
works I've you know I don't I don't do
this that's that stupid so I'm not
sure how that works and once again here
comes the lagging in this usually what
happens when you go by the IP booty and
lags like this maybe like two or three
times and then it just finally just says
like please wait for a long time and
just shut you up some I all right i'll
never do try people who know so I mother
sent her a message like hey I'm
recording you know it wouldn't be wise
to I people yes his name T&S playboy
something you gotta see if his name
a lot better later on so please wait
please wait and a says I want stl 031
for 10 points so I want 10 points okay
well maybe he just lost his connection
and i won so I go to check my record as
you guys can see I'm I'm 25 26 and it
says I'm minus 1 so that means I lost
the game but wait it's just said I 110
points so how did I lose the game I mean
he it's clear right here it says streak
negative 1 but you guys saw before said
plus 10 in my point so I won the game
but lost the game I'm 43 and six and i'm
twenty five and six and three of those
six games I've lost I bet I people so I
really should be 28 and what three
that's his name TNS playboy 1219 look he
be dcd sees me and he gets right back at
another ranked game just like that he
boots me out again and then he gets
right back another grant game i guess to
go boot somebody else and you guys are
gonna see you later on this video what
I've got about so at this point I'm kind
of pissed man not because you know I
lost the point something like that it's
just the fact that I mean this continues
to go on man and EA I love it I honor
think anything in the worst but just see
my nothing's getting done man i'm tired
i'm not the only one I know for sure I
know everybody's tired of getting online
man trying to enjoy the online
experience and then to bdc to IP booted
by scrubs like this with no lives you
just want to just take the game from you
know even if you try to win the game
you're not gonna
they gonna just IP boutchu so I send the
message that I record him and I'm
sitting the film the EA I don't know if
they're gonna do it but I hope they do
something with it so this is named TNS
playboy 1219 avoid this do at all costs
so he gets back in another right hand
just like that first quarter he beats me
he gets back another end game and he
yelled his opponent scores on he's
damaged 06 his opponent goes for the two
on my belief and gets to uh he gets the
to do you guys see here a little bit I
mean I'm just this is just getting
really frustrating man to just to just
get online and then to get our people
you know runner goes for to get the two
version he's down he's down 08
and all of a sudden you guys are gonna
see I guess he decides to I people with
this young man to whoever do a lady art
lady are do as you got to see uh I guess
the game ends up being over he quit side
of the game what not I mean this is just
getting ridiculous that these dudes can
continue to do this over and over I mean
it's been going on for a while man EA is
not doing anything about it I mean it's
ridiculous if you try to get you buy
this game which is like 60 some dollars
to get online to enjoy the online
experience you know play ranked games so
you know just even if you not know take
a serious you know just to enjoy online
gameplay and if you are enjoying to see
who's the guy him back he's back at the
main screen just like that so he boost
me boost not to do with in like 15
minutes I mean this Guidry dick was my
EA needs to do something about this
video I'm gonna send it to him hopefully
they hopefully they see it with your
guy's help I'm gonna need you guys to
like the video as much as possible I
know a GS did a video just like this we
expose our people was also i'm pretty
sure jamiah does the same thing we
caused up I people so uh I mean this is
get ridiculous money all you guys who
watch my videos
even to tell people like my videos to
watch this video I'll even like because
i'm pretty sure if you leave a like EA
is the more times you leave it like the
more EA sees the video i guess so let's
get ridiculous man news like this really
bad man this is ridiculous I mean he has
no intention to win playing this game at
all I'm he he goes in this game and
boost me in the first quarter before i
even get intense in school didn't his
opponent scores on my guest rather quick
and next game 08 and he boots him right
away I mean it's ridiculous man you buy
this game for 6 on dollars and you try
to get online to play and then you get
booted I mean he adrian is honey buckets
man this is getting ridiculous I'm tired
of it I know a lot of other people tired
of it you know I see my comment section
all the time people tell me that they
don't even play mad anymore just because
it dudes like this I mean he is
everything what you want for people stop
buying out games because you are not
doing anything to to these bills to get
on just boo people and i'm pretty sure
y'all you know y'all one shot money just
just like you know we know you like we
like our money you know we want I money
to me some mean something so I don't
forget y'all leave a like for this video
I'm deficit in the EA and uh let me know
in the comment section there which I
think about these scrubs I people who
people all the time and I'm pretty sure
y'all get it too and as if for me on to
next time yeah I'm out peace